clarify -1 for adapter_response (#3762)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_run-result.md

> - `adapter_response`: Dictionary of metadata returned from the database, which varies by adapter. For example, success `code`, number of `rows_affected`, total `bytes_processed`, and so on. Not populated by tests, as of v0.19.0; we plan to fix in a future release ([dbt#2580](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/2580)).

Reviewer: Can we drop the explicit call-out related to v0.19.0 and replace it with a general statement instead? We closed ([dbt#2580](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/2580)) as stale, and I don't think we implemented it.

```suggestion
- `adapter_response`: Dictionary of metadata returned from the database, which varies by adapter. For example, success `code`, number of `rows_affected`, total `bytes_processed`, and so on. Not applicable for [tests](/docs/build/tests).
```

Author: omg yes thank you @dbeatty10 ! sugg committed woohoo!

>     * `rows_affected` returns the number of rows modified by the last statement executed. In cases where the query's row count can't be determined or isn't applicable (such as when creating a <Term id="view">view</Term>), a [standard value](https://peps.python.org/pep-0249/#rowcount) of `-1` is returned for `rowcount`.

Reviewer: 🤩
